docs(gitea): add git upload filter description (#12807)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/platform/gitea/index.md

# Gitea

> Renovate uses modern git upload filters to suppress large blob downloads. For Gitea you need to manually enable upload filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate uses modern Git upload filters to suppress large blob downloads.
For Gitea you need to manually enable upload filters.
```

> Checkout the official [docs](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the official [Gitea docs](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/) for more information.
```
